Oh Lord you are my God I will exalt you
Oh Lord you are my God I will exalt you I will praise your name for you have
I will praise your name for you have
I will praise your name for you have done wonderful things your counsels of
done wonderful things your counsels of
done wonderful things your counsels of old are faithfulness and truth for you
old are faithfulness and truth for you
old are faithfulness and truth for you have made a city a ruin a fortified city
have made a city a ruin a fortified city
have made a city a ruin a fortified city a ruin a palace of foreigners to be a
a ruin a palace of foreigners to be a
a ruin a palace of foreigners to be a city no more it will never be rebuilt
city no more it will never be rebuilt
city no more it will never be rebuilt therefore the strong people will glorify
therefore the strong people will glorify
therefore the strong people will glorify you the city of the terrible nations
you the city of the terrible nations
you the city of the terrible nations will fear you for you have been a
will fear you for you have been a
will fear you for you have been a strength to the poor a strength to the
strength to the poor a strength to the
strength to the poor a strength to the needy in his distress a refuge from the
needy in his distress a refuge from the
needy in his distress a refuge from the storm a shade from the heat for the
storm a shade from the heat for the
storm a shade from the heat for the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm
blast of the terrible ones is as a storm
blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall you will reduce the
against the wall you will reduce the
against the wall you will reduce the noise of aliens as heat in a dry place
noise of aliens as heat in a dry place
noise of aliens as heat in a dry place as heat in a shadow of a cloud the song
as heat in a shadow of a cloud the song
as heat in a shadow of a cloud the song of the terrible ones will be diminished
of the terrible ones will be diminished
of the terrible ones will be diminished and in this mountain the Lord of hosts
and in this mountain the Lord of hosts
and in this mountain the Lord of hosts will make for all people a feast of
will make for all people a feast of
will make for all people a feast of choice pieces a feast of wines on the
choice pieces a feast of wines on the
choice pieces a feast of wines on the Lee's of fat things full of marrow of
Lee's of fat things full of marrow of
Lee's of fat things full of marrow of well refined wines on the Lee's and he
well refined wines on the Lee's and he
well refined wines on the Lee's and he will destroy on this mountain the
will destroy on this mountain the
will destroy on this mountain the surface of the covering cast over all
surface of the covering cast over all
surface of the covering cast over all people and the veil that has spread over
people and the veil that has spread over
people and the veil that has spread over all nations he will swallow up death
all nations he will swallow up death
all nations he will swallow up death forever and the Lord God will wipe away
forever and the Lord God will wipe away
forever and the Lord God will wipe away tears from all faces the rebuke of his
tears from all faces the rebuke of his
tears from all faces the rebuke of his people he will take away from all the
people he will take away from all the
people he will take away from all the earth for the Lord has spoken and it
earth for the Lord has spoken and it
earth for the Lord has spoken and it will be said in that day behold this is
will be said in that day behold this is
will be said in that day behold this is our God we have waited for him and he
our God we have waited for him and he
our God we have waited for him and he will save us this is the Lord we have
will save us this is the Lord we have
will save us this is the Lord we have waited for him we will be glad and
waited for him we will be glad and
waited for him we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation for on this
rejoice in his salvation for on this
rejoice in his salvation for on this mountain the hand of the Lord will rest
mountain the hand of the Lord will rest
mountain the hand of the Lord will rest and Moab shall be trampled down under
and Moab shall be trampled down under
and Moab shall be trampled down under him as straw is trampled down for the
him as straw is trampled down for the
him as straw is trampled down for the refuse heap and he will spread out his
refuse heap and he will spread out his
refuse heap and he will spread out his hands in their midst as a swimmer
hands in their midst as a swimmer
hands in their midst as a swimmer reaches out to swim and he will bring
reaches out to swim and he will bring
reaches out to swim and he will bring down their pride together with the
down their pride together with the
down their pride together with the trickery of their hands the fortress of
trickery of their hands the fortress of
trickery of their hands the fortress of the high fort of your walls
the high fort of your walls
the high fort of your walls he will bring down lay low and bring to
he will bring down lay low and bring to
he will bring down lay low and bring to the ground down to the dust
the ground down to the dust
the ground down to the dust [Music]